Vice President Jiang
This is the wild dog.
Havoc venue
Don't pay attention to Zhang Li and Sun Li
Boy, you broke your leg
I let you out alive
Vice President of Haicheng Chamber of Commerce
What a great official prestige, you are courting death yourself
I don't have to break his limbs
weightless
Until the end of this trade fair
Vice President Jiang
Is this punishment a little too severe?
The opening ceremony is such an important day
He dares to make trouble
If not severely punished
There will be more people laughing at my sister in the future
What do you care what he does?
Vice President Jiang is right
This trick kills the chicken police
Representing Haicheng Zhang Family is Yancheng
This person, our Sun family also supports Yancheng
Support Yancheng to Yancheng
Support Yancheng
Support Yancheng Yancheng
Sister saw it.
All the great families in Haicheng want this kid's life
Qi Tian, kneel down and talk to Vice President Jiang now
And the words of apology from the major families
I can say yes.
Let you adjust hard and rest assured
Thank you for the photo opportunity
Don't need you
How did you become so unreasonable now?
I don't care about you anymore.
Thoughtful now I don't even cover my sister for you
You're dead.
Do it
Keep him breathing
Slowly fix me to see who dares to touch him